Fix/6836 query parameters default value (#6845)
microsoft/kiota: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes a bug where invalid C# code is generated when API path contains an underscore [#6698](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota/issues/6698)
- Fixed a bug where union of integer and boolean types collection would not compile in dotnet. [#6834](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota/issues/6834)

> - Fixed a bug where default values for query parameters are not generated in C# code. [#6836](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota/issues/6836)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where default values for query parameters are not generated in C#, Java, PHP, Python. [#6836](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota/issues/6836)
```
